bpo-45545: premptively fail on contextlib.chdir if we can't chdir back (#29220)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-10-26-01-22-33.bpo-45545.QvsfXK.rst

> Premptively fail in :func:`contextdir.chdir` if we can't change back to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preemptively fail in :func:`contextlib.chdir` if we can't change back to the
```
